1. Using the code from Try This 8-1, put the ICharQ interface and its three implementations into a package called qpack. Keeping the queue demonstration class IQDemo in t he default package, show how to import and use the classes in qpack.

2. What is a namespace? Why is it important that Java allows you to partition the namespace?
A namespace is a space where no two class names can be the same.  If you have two classes with the same name, they can both exist in different namespaces.  

3. Packages are stored in <answer>.
Directories.

4. Explain the difference between protected and default access.
Default Acces can be used by anyone within its package.  Protected can be accessed by anyone other than programs that are a non-subclass of the protected member/variable, no matter the package.

5. Explain the two ways that a members of a packages can be used by other packages.
By using the packageName.ClassName.  Ie. package.class foo = new package.class();
or importing the class using import packageName.Classname at the top.

6. "One interface, multiple methods" is a key tenet of Java. What feature best exemplifies it?
Interfaces.

7. How many classes can implement an interface? How many interfaces can a class implement?
Multiple classes can implement an interface and classes can implement multiple interfercase.

8. Can interfaces be extended?
Yes

9. Create an interface for the Vehicle class from Chapter 7. Call the interface IVehicle.


10. Variables declared in an interface are implicitly static and final. Can they be shared with other parts of a program?
Yes.  When a class is implementing the interface, the variable comes into view and can be referenced directly.

11. A package is, in essence, a container for classes. True or False?
True

12. What standard Java package is automatically imported into a program?
java.lang which contains a large portion of generl purpose tools

13. What keyword is used to declare a default interface method?
default

14. Beginning with JDK 8, it it possible to define a static method in an interface?
yes.  It is called by interfaceName.staticMethod();

15. Assume that the IChar interface shown in Try This 8-1 has been in widespread use for several years. Now, you want to add a method to it called reset(), which will be used to reset the queue to its empty, starting condition. Assuming JDK 8 or later, how can this be accompliched without breaking preexisting code?
make a default method called reset();
default void reset() { }

16. How is a static method in an interface called?
interfaceName.staticMethod();

17. Can an interface have a private method?
Yes